Understanding Software Development and Enggineering
https://transflowerlearning-my.sharepoint.com/:v:/g/personal/ravi_tambade_transflowerlearning_onmicrosoft_com/EdPTgFOUMJ9HmSBwc5_
5bpIB4tzkXNj9pXLN8yHYDE2Y9w?nav=eyJyZWZlcnJhbEluZm8iOnsicmVmZXJyYWxBcHAiOiJTdHJlYW1XZWJBcHAiLCJyZWZlcnJhbFZpZXciOiJTaGFyZURpYWxvZy1MaW5rIiw
icmVmZXJyYWxBcHBQbGF0Zm9ybSI6IldlYiIsInJlZmVycmFsTW9kZSI6InZpZXcifX0%3D&e=gApNoQ 

Computer System Overview (Softawre, Hardware, OS)
https://transflowerlearning-my.sharepoint.com/:v:/g/personal/ravi_tambade_transflowerlearning_onmicrosoft_com/Ea-B96_WajpEgRwu3HKr_jQB9B
kNqF5EDuKzCasM5C8rwQ?nav=eyJyZWZlcnJhbEluZm8iOnsicmVmZXJyYWxBcHAiOiJTdHJlYW1XZWJBcHAiLCJyZWZlcnJhbFZpZXciOiJTaGFyZURpYWxvZy1MaW5rIiwicmVmZXJyYWxB
cHBQbGF0Zm9ybSI6IldlYiIsInJlZmVycmFsTW9kZSI6InZpZXcifX0%3D&e=PZJ7Xk 

Introduction to C and Overview of Programming
https://transflowerlearning-my.sharepoint.com/:v:/g/personal/ravi_tambade_transflowerlearning_onmicrosoft_com/EfRsiM_LrEdKlUFl4y_2DVgBiXO-RP4ndllwHnZSzMLnGA?nav=eyJy
ZWZlcnJhbEluZm8iOnsicmVmZXJyYWxBcHAiOiJTdHJlYW1XZWJBcHAiLCJyZWZlcnJhbFZpZXciOiJTaGFyZURpYWxvZy1MaW5rIiwicmVmZXJyYWxBcHBQbGF0Zm9ybSI6IldlYiIsInJlZmVycmFsTW9kZSI6InZpZXcifX0%3D&e=FhcwJ8

What are data types in C, Introduction to Data Structure
https://transflowerlearning-my.sharepoint.com/:v:/g/personal/ravi_tambade_transflowerlearning_onmicrosoft_com/EU33qQQz8GJJpVJrG1-5dhEBPKxQ-19GKS6FigW56d_-L
Q?nav=eyJyZWZlcnJhbEluZm8iOnsicmVmZXJyYWxBcHAiOiJTdHJlYW1XZWJBcHAiLCJyZWZlcnJhbFZpZXciOiJTaGFyZURpYWxvZy1MaW5rIiwicmVmZXJyYWxBcHBQbGF0Zm9ybSI6IldlYiIsInJlZmVy
cmFsTW9kZSI6InZpZXcifX0%3D&e=brIbke

Why Structures in C Programming
https://transflowerlearning-my.sharepoint.com/:v:/g/personal/ravi_tambade_transflowerlearning_onmicrosoft_com/EWSUm3DLxf5BsDeGatM_PuYBYfRTubIJMamScpkY-1aJfw?nav=eyJyZWZlcnJhbEluZm8iOnsicmVmZXJyYWxBcHAiOiJTdHJlYW1XZWJBcHAiLCJyZWZlcnJhbFZpZXciOiJTaGFyZURpYWxvZy1MaW5rIiwicmVmZXJyYWxBcHBQbGF0Zm9ybSI6IldlYiIsInJlZmVycmFsTW9kZSI6InZpZXcifX0%3D&e=Yr30Dg

How to use g++ for C Application building
https://transflowerlearning-my.sharepoint.com/:v:/g/personal/ravi_tambade_transflowerlearning_onmicrosoft_com/EW9QdsKk2VRMpdWao9XbaHcBEwPIhA969auXxtwUmG-8tw?nav=eyJyZWZlcnJhbEluZm8iOnsicmVmZXJyYWxBcHAiOiJTdHJlYW1XZWJBcHAiLCJyZWZlcnJhbFZpZXciOiJTaGFyZURpYWxvZy1MaW5rIiwicmVmZXJyYWxBcHBQbGF0Zm9ybSI6IldlYiIsInJlZmVycmFsTW9kZSI6InZpZXcifX0%3D&e=TxH06j

What do you mean by Stack and Heap in Application Execution
https://transflowerlearning-my.sharepoint.com/:v:/g/personal/ravi_tambade_transflowerlearning_onmicrosoft_com/EaWwaobc7p1AiyEtb3MLAKcBRnPF-j2S0Y6GR923oP2R1A?nav=eyJyZWZlcnJhbEluZm8iOnsicmVmZXJyYWxBcHAiOiJTdHJlYW1XZWJBcHAiLCJyZWZlcnJhbFZpZXciOiJTaGFyZURpYWxvZy1MaW5rIiwicmVmZXJyYWxBcHBQbGF0Zm9ybSI6IldlYiIsInJlZmVycmFsTW9kZSI6InZpZXcifX0%3D&e=ynFO7F

What are different types of Errors in C Programming 
https://transflowerlearning-my.sharepoint.com/:v:/g/personal/ravi_tambade_transflowerlearning_onmicrosoft_com/EW9QdsKk2VRMpdWao9XbaHcBEwPIhA969auXxtwUmG-8tw?nav=eyJyZWZlcnJhbEluZm8iOnsicmVmZXJyYWxBcHAiOiJTdHJlYW1XZWJBcHAiLCJyZWZlcnJhbFZpZXciOiJTaGFyZURpYWxvZy1MaW5rIiwicmVmZXJyYWxBcHBQbGF0Zm9ybSI6IldlYiIsInJlZmVycmFsTW9kZSI6InZpZXcifX0%3D&e=TxH06j


How to write C++ program using Visual Studio 
https://transflowerlearning-my.sharepoint.com/:v:/g/personal/ravi_tambade_transflowerlearning_onmicrosoft_com/EUInXA-mHNNNjyzp6k3JDuwByZ_bWbeT8awzv4JLjNCxqw?nav=eyJyZWZlcnJhbEluZm8iOnsicmVmZXJyYWxBcHAiOiJTdHJlYW1XZWJBcHAiLCJyZWZlcnJhbFZpZXciOiJTaGFyZURpYWxvZy1MaW5rIiwicmVmZXJyYWxBcHBQbGF0Zm9ybSI6IldlYiIsInJlZmVycmFsTW9kZSI6InZpZXcifX0%3D&e=ZB2p1m


What do you mean by FullStack Application Development and Developer 
https://transflowerlearning-my.sharepoint.com/:v:/g/personal/ravi_tambade_transflowerlearning_onmicrosoft_com/EQKTVHurbZhFn5Ba9aEQtaMB-gzhvtn6aw4k30U2Ot9FDw?nav=eyJyZWZlcnJhbEluZm8iOnsicmVmZXJyYWxBcHAiOiJTdHJlYW1XZWJBcHAiLCJyZWZlcnJhbFZpZXciOiJTaGFyZURpYWxvZy1MaW5rIiwicmVmZXJyYWxBcHBQbGF0Zm9ybSI6IldlYiIsInJlZmVycmFsTW9kZSI6InZpZXcifX0%3D&e=S6y0aC

How Graphics C BGI program is executed on Windows OS

https://transflowerlearning-my.sharepoint.com/:v:/g/personal/ravi_tambade_transflowerlearning_onmicrosoft_com/EcuVvpBnq3xDp82qTJKBDukBVemyZTisCQs5I9xeeAdn4A?nav=eyJyZWZlcnJhbEluZm8iOnsicmVmZXJyYWxBcHAiOiJTdHJlYW1XZWJBcHAiLCJyZWZlcnJhbFZpZXciOiJTaGFyZURpYWxvZy1MaW5rIiwicmVmZXJyYWxBcHBQbGF0Zm9ybSI6IldlYiIsInJlZmVycmFsTW9kZSI6InZpZXcifX0%3D&e=vKiELQ


structures

https://transflowerlearning-my.sharepoint.com/:v:/g/personal/ravi_tambade_transflowerlearning_onmicrosoft_com/ERwcXMpGa_BFmdGktNFtHSsBrz-e_Zgq6LDpEDorWFR07A?nav=eyJyZWZlcnJhbEluZm8iOnsicmVmZXJyYWxBcHAiOiJTdHJlYW1XZWJBcHAiLCJyZWZlcnJhbFZpZXciOiJTaGFyZURpYWxvZy1MaW5rIiwicmVmZXJyYWxBcHBQbGF0Zm9ybSI6IldlYiIsInJlZmVycmFsTW9kZSI6InZpZXcifX0%3D&e=g0c6Ll 


https://transflowerlearning-my.sharepoint.com/:v:/g/personal/ravi_tambade_transflowerlearning_onmicrosoft_com/Eb8CEA_SZEhItsk4aGxykzoB759Fteo1F43C-wNviCS3iA?nav=eyJyZWZlcnJhbEluZm8iOnsicmVmZXJyYWxBcHAiOiJTdHJlYW1XZWJBcHAiLCJyZWZlcnJhbFZpZXciOiJTaGFyZURpYWxvZy1MaW5rIiwicmVmZXJyYWxBcHBQbGF0Zm9ybSI6IldlYiIsInJlZmVycmFsTW9kZSI6InZpZXcifX0%3D&e=hXQADF 


IT Solution

https://transflowerlearning-my.sharepoint.com/:v:/g/personal/
ravi_tambade_transflowerlearning_onmicrosoft_com/EbMNOFYH4wxGocy2-7JXR_EBPfnbcCgaKVo5UrGwHZb4SA?nav=eyJyZWZ
lcnJhbEluZm8iOnsicmVmZXJyYWxBcHAiOiJTdHJlYW1XZWJBcHAiLCJyZWZlcnJhbFZpZXciOiJTaGFyZURpYWxvZy1MaW5rIiwicmVm
ZXJyYWxBcHBQbGF0Zm9ybSI6IldlYiIsInJlZmVycmFsTW9kZSI6InZpZXcifX0%3D&e=aiLZeF 

structures

https://transflowerlearning-my.sharepoint.com/:v:/g/personal/ravi_tambade_transflowerlearning_onmicrosoft_com/ERlzKRM3lyJLmkiFUbuE2MIB
xes_h91x2Lf00z6NywtVdg?nav=eyJyZWZlcnJhbEluZm8iOnsicmVmZXJyYWxBcHAiOiJTdHJlYW1XZWJBcHAiLCJyZWZlcnJhbFZpZXciOiJTaGFyZURpYWxvZy1MaW5rIiwicmVmZXJyYWx
BcHBQbGF0Zm9ybSI6IldlYiIsInJlZmVycmFsTW9kZSI6InZpZXcifX0%3D&e=Nl1ZlB 


session: How to focus on your logical thinking along with todays  AI Tools ?   
  https://transflowerlearning-my.sharepoint.com/:v:/g/personal/
ravi_tambade_transflowerlearning_onmicrosoft_com/Ef4aHPXTinREiyS-R9KJDMcBbmKt1j9ZWAHpJoY08Z8hHg?nav=eyJyZWZlcnJhbEluZm8iOnsicmVmZXJyYWxBcHAiOiJTdHJlYW1XZW
JBcHAiLCJyZWZlcnJhbFZpZXciOiJTaGFyZURpYWxvZy1MaW5rIiwicmVmZXJyYWxBcHBQbGF0Zm9ybSI6IldlYiIsInJlZmVycmFsTW9kZSI6InZpZXcifX0%3D&e=zL1eSO 


Todays session recorded Introduction to C++ 
 https://transflowerlearning-my.sharepoint.com/:v:/g/personal/ravi_tambade_transflowerlearning_onmicrosoft_com/EcCn5gzNwjBGgDAFHLAZz-UBZ-eRYbHJ19syXB0fQbfD0A?
nav=eyJyZWZlcnJhbEluZm8iOnsicmVmZXJyYWxBcHAiOiJTdHJlYW1XZWJBcHAiLCJyZWZlcnJhbFZpZXciOiJTaGFyZURpYWxvZy1MaW5rIiwicmVmZXJyYWxBcHBQbGF0Zm9ybSI6IldlYiIsInJlZmVycmFsTW9
kZSI6InZpZXcifX0%3D&e=7xUyK1 

What is Pointer part 1 :
 https://transflowerlearning-my.sharepoint.com/:v:/g/personal/ravi_tambade_transflowerlearning_onmicrosoft_com/EcbY4BszmiZPktdRyTTnHaIBjC9i-SA9clD3mFBVCn5LcQ?nav
=eyJyZWZlcnJhbEluZm8iOnsicmVmZXJyYWxBcHAiOiJTdHJlYW1XZWJBcHAiLCJyZWZlcnJhbFZpZXciOiJTaGFyZURpYWxvZy1MaW5rIiwicmVmZXJyYWxBcHBQbGF0Zm9ybSI6IldlYiIsInJlZmVycmFsTW9kZSI6InZpZX
cifX0%3D&e=zpRRbu 


What is Pointer part 2 :
 https://transflowerlearning-my.sharepoint.com/:v:/g/personal/ravi_tambade_transflowerlearning_onmicrosoft_com/EbH671I-rp5JtMT01U6X3c4B1TmuxcYNXeTwEZNkzv6frw?nav=
eyJyZWZlcnJhbEluZm8iOnsicmVmZXJyYWxBcHAiOiJTdHJlYW1XZWJBcHAiLCJyZWZlcnJhbFZpZXciOiJTaGFyZURpYWxvZy1MaW5rIiwicmVmZXJyYWxBcHBQbGF0Zm9ybSI6IldlYiIsInJlZmVycmFsTW9kZSI6InZpZXcifX0%3D&e=gQOtJu 

Pointer to Pointer 
 https://transflowerlearning-my.sharepoint.com/:v:/g/personal/ravi_tambade_transflowerlearning_onmicrosoft_com/EbH671I-rp5JtMT01U6X3c4B1TmuxcYNXeTwEZNkzv6frw?
nav=eyJyZWZlcnJhbEluZm8iOnsicmVmZXJyYWxBcHAiOiJTdHJlYW1XZWJBcHAiLCJyZWZlcnJhbFZpZXciOiJTaGFyZURpYWxvZy1MaW5rIiwicmVmZXJyYWxBcHBQbGF0Zm9ybSI6IldlYiIsInJlZmVycmFsTW9kZSI6InZpZXcifX
0%3D&e=PUhBGW 


Pointer to Pointer 
 https://transflowerlearning-my.sharepoint.com/:v:/g/personal/ravi_tambade_transflowerlearning_onmicrosoft_com/ETWr0XvqQHdBm6FAgbUPcFgB32hXE8RToaUyY2Ij1EkihQ?
nav=eyJyZWZlcnJhbEluZm8iOnsicmVmZXJyYWxBcHAiOiJTdHJlYW1XZWJBcHAiLCJyZWZlcnJhbFZpZXciOiJTaGFyZURpYWxvZy1MaW5rIiwicmVmZXJyYWxBcHBQbGF0Zm9ybSI6IldlYiIsInJlZmVycmFsTW9kZSI6InZpZXcifX0%3D&
e=htkqlT 

 https://transflowerlearning-my.sharepoint.com/:v:/g/personal/ravi_tambade_transflowerlearning_onmicrosoft_com/ETWr0XvqQHdBm6FAgbUPcFgB32hXE8RToaUyY2Ij1EkihQ?nav=eyJyZWZlcnJhbEluZm8iOnsic
mVmZXJyYWxBcHAiOiJTdHJlYW1XZWJBcHAiLCJyZWZlcnJhbFZpZXciOiJTaGFyZURpYWxvZy1MaW5rIiwicmVmZXJyYWxBcHBQbGF0Zm9ybSI6IldlYiIsInJlZmVycmFsTW9kZSI6InZpZXcifX0%3D&e=htkqlT 

Function Pointers
https://transflowerlearning-my.sharepoint.com/:v:/g/personal/ravi_tambade_transflowerlearning_onmicrosoft_com/EVNcLDUbdTVMoQPDj2BkE_cBdmm9uis_Evevj-n4VfRHag?
nav=eyJyZWZlcnJhbEluZm8iOnsicmVmZXJyYWxBcHAiOiJTdHJlYW1XZWJBcHAiLCJyZWZlcnJhbFZpZXciOiJTaGFyZURpYWxvZy1MaW5rIiwicmVmZXJyYWxBcHBQbGF0Zm9ybSI6IldlYiIsInJlZmVycmFsTW9kZSI6InZpZXcif
X0%3D&e=HbSUBU 


Arithmatic Operations using input parameters
https://transflowerlearning-my.sharepoint.com/:v:/g/personal/ravi_tambade_transflowerlearning_onmicrosoft_com/EbgvF9GZDa5Gl2CftLL1J0MBuwU-ZI-3xQvdLEK2uEPeMA?
nav=eyJyZWZlcnJhbEluZm8iOnsicmVmZXJyYWxBcHAiOiJTdHJlYW1XZWJBcHAiLCJyZWZlcnJhbFZpZXciOiJTaGFyZURpYWxvZy1MaW5rIiwicmVmZXJyYWxBcHBQbGF0Zm9ybSI6IldlYiIsInJlZmVycmFsTW9kZSI6InZpZ
XcifX0%3D&e=lZcp8c 


Callback mechanism and  array of function pointers  recording  
 https://transflowerlearning-my.sharepoint.com/:v:/g/personal/ravi_tambade_transflowerlearning_onmicrosoft_com/EUtF9FW
7ESdKmq1Zo5j4uP4BA_tf-hAKG_qAx_hJ0FJ32Q?nav=eyJyZWZlcnJhbEluZm8iOnsicmVmZXJyYWxBcHAiOiJTdHJlYW1XZWJBcHAiLCJyZWZlcnJhbFZpZXciOiJTaGFyZURpYWxvZy1MaW5rIiwicmVmZXJyYWxBcHBQbGF0Zm9yb
SI6IldlYiIsInJlZmVycmFsTW9kZSI6InZpZXcifX0%3D&e=rILzw2 


What is lacking in  your learning  ?
https://transflowerlearning-my.sharepoint.com/:v:/g/personal/ravi_tambade_transflowerlearning_onmicrosoft_com/ERT5SFM3qVFBv33M9kXoJbgB5pEWNIGt9zhNink_umBGKQ?nav=eyJyZWZlcnJhbEluZ
m8iOnsicmVmZXJyYWxBcHAiOiJTdHJlYW1XZWJBcHAiLCJyZWZlcnJhbFZpZXciOiJTaGFyZURpYWxvZy1MaW5rIiwicmVmZXJyYWxBcHBQbGF0Zm9ybSI6IldlYiIsInJlZmVycmFsTW9kZSI6InZpZXcifX0%3D&e=fLmz89 


File I/O using  C Programming  recording :
 https://transflowerlearning-my.sharepoint.com/:v:/g/personal/ravi_tambade_transflowerlearning_onmicrosoft_com/EXQr2CgWXPJNuJGP5zryarwBW_vE
E-80-fDf6XnnVEWkiA?nav=eyJyZWZlcnJhbEluZm8iOnsicmVmZXJyYWxBcHAiOiJTdHJlYW1XZWJBcHAiLCJyZWZlcnJhbFZpZXciOiJTaGFyZURpYWxvZy1MaW5rIiwicmVmZXJyYWxBcHBQbGF0Zm9ybSI6IldlYiIsInJlZmVycmFs
TW9kZSI6InZpZXcifX0%3D&e=OnoFIi 

Writing CPP class using Dev C++ 
https://transflowerlearning-my.sharepoint.com/:v:/g/personal/ravi_tambade_transflowerlearning_onmicrosoft_com/Edme7_Z4iyFBiwwFwClpOcoB5wzug5IsnGQZ9NGls7CyZA?nav=eyJyZWZlcnJhbEluZm8iOn
sicmVmZXJyYWxBcHAiOiJTdHJlYW1XZWJBcHAiLCJyZWZlcnJhbFZpZXciOiJTaGFyZURpYWxvZy1MaW5rIiwicmVmZXJyYWxBcHBQbGF0Zm9ybSI6IldlYiIsInJlZmVycmFsTW9kZSI6InZpZXcifX0%3D&e=XOVbi8